Distribute fixed version of the Windows WebView2 Runtime (#37056)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/blazor/hybrid/security/security-considerations.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ms.date: 05/19/26
```

Author: The Blazor Hybrid articles use the same per-release dating system that the rest of the Blazor node articles use.

```cli
expand {PATH TO THE PACKAGE} -F:* {PATH TO THE DESTINATION FOLDER}
```

Placeholders:

* `{PATH TO THE PACKAGE}`: The path to the package.
* `{PATH TO THE DESTINATION FOLDER}`: The path to the destination folder, which is the project's solution folder.

The following example uses:

* The x86 runtime package `.cab` file (`Microsoft.WebView2.FixedVersionRuntime.114.0.1823.79.x86.cab`).
* A package path of `C:\Users\{USER}\Downloads\`, where the `{USER}` placeholder is the Windows user profile name.
* A solution folder path of `C:\src\MySolution\`.

```cli
expand "C:\Users\{USER}\Downloads\Microsoft.WebView2.FixedVersionRuntime.114.0.1823.79.x86.cab" -F:* C:\src\MySolution\
```

Rename the folder to `Runtimex86` with the [`Rename-Item` PowerShell cmdlet](/powershell/module/microsoft.powershell.management/rename-item):

```powershell
rename-item "C:\src\MySolution\Microsoft.WebView2.FixedVersionRuntime.114.0.1823.79.x86" "C:\src\MySolution\Runtimex86"
```

Repeat the preceding steps for the x64 and ARM64 runtimes.

> Add the following code to `CreateMauiApp` method in `MauiProgram.cs`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the following code to the `CreateMauiApp` method in `MauiProgram.cs`:
```
Very minor:  Missing the article "the".

> On Windows, the Chromium-based [Microsoft Edge `WebView2`](/microsoft-edge/webview2/) is required to run Blazor Web Apps.

Author: ```suggestion
On Windows, the Chromium-based [Microsoft Edge `WebView2`](/microsoft-edge/webview2/) is required for Blazor Hybrid/`BlazorWebView` apps.
```

The newest installed version of `WebView2`, known as the *:::no-loc text="Evergreen distribution":::*, is used. If you wish to ship a specific version of `WebView2` with the app, use the *:::no-loc text="Fixed Version distribution":::* (see the [Use and distribute a fixed version of the Windows `WebView2` Runtime](#use-and-distribute-a-fixed-version-of-the-windows-webview2-runtime) section).

For more information on checking the currently-installed `WebView2` version and the distribution modes, see the [`WebView2` distribution documentation](/microsoft-edge/webview2/concepts/distribution).

## Use and distribute a fixed version of the Windows `WebView2` Runtime

> Follow the guidance in this section to use and distribute a fixed version of the Chromium-based [Microsoft Edge `WebView2`](/microsoft-edge/webview2/) Runtime.

Author: ```suggestion
Follow the guidance in this section to use and distribute a fixed version of the Chromium-based [Microsoft Edge `WebView2`](/microsoft-edge/webview2/) Runtime for Blazor Hybrid/`BlazorWebView` apps.
```

Download the **Fixed Version** installer packages from [Microsoft Edge WebView2: Download the WebView2 Runtime](https://developer.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/webview2).

> The following steps place the packages into `Runtimex86`, `Runtimex64`, and `RuntimeARM64` folders in the app's solution folder, maintaining the files outside of the project to keep the **Solution Explorer** view of the project focused on the app's developer assets.

Author: ```suggestion
The following steps place the packages into `Runtimex86`, `Runtimex64`, and `RuntimeARM64` folders in the parent folder of the app's solution folder, maintaining the files outside of the project to keep the **Solution Explorer** view of the project focused on the app's developer assets.
```

After downloading a runtime, use the [`expand` command](/windows-server/administration/windows-commands/expand) in a command shell to expand the `.cab` file from the system's `C:\Users\{USERNAME}\Downloads` folder into the solution's root folder:

```cli
expand {PATH TO THE PACKAGE} -F:* {PATH TO THE DESTINATION FOLDER}
```

Placeholders:

* `{PATH TO THE PACKAGE}`: The path to the package.
* `{PATH TO THE DESTINATION FOLDER}`: The path to the destination folder, which is the project's solution folder.

The following example uses:

* The x86 runtime package `.cab` file (`Microsoft.WebView2.FixedVersionRuntime.114.0.1823.79.x86.cab`).

> * A package path of `C:\Users\{USERNAME}\Downloads\`, where the `{USERNAME}` placeholder is the Windows user profile name.

Author: ```suggestion
* A package path of `C:\Users\{USER}\Downloads\`, where the `{USER}` placeholder is the Windows user profile name.
```

* A solution folder path of `C:\src\MySolution\`.

```cli

> expand "C:\Users\{USERNAME}\Downloads\Microsoft.WebView2.FixedVersionRuntime.114.0.1823.79.x86.cab" -F:* C:\src\MySolution\

Author: ```suggestion
expand "C:\Users\{USER}\Downloads\Microsoft.WebView2.FixedVersionRuntime.114.0.1823.79.x86.cab" -F:* C:\src\MySolution\
```
